[GHOULZAM] What's wrong
with using criminals?
You're all fools who hinder
the progress of science!
I will be sure
to settle this score!
I swear it‐‐no matter
how many years it may take!
Voila!
[GROUP gasps]
[MISANA]
It smells so good!
[NOIR]
How are we supposed to eat this?
[YUNA] It's perfectly
acceptable to use your hands!
But it's still pretty hot,
so be careful.
[MISANA] So yummy! I especially
love the ooey‐gooey cheese!
[ELLALAURA] There you are! I was
wondering where you girls were.
What is that?
[NOIR] Mother, it's
something called "pisa"!
Miss Yuna made it
for us and it's great!
[SHIA] No, you're
wrong, Noa. It's "visa."
[YUNA] A leaning tower
and a credit card.
[ELLALAURA]
Ah, so this is the food
you spoke of yesterday, Yuna.
Do you mind if I have some?
Go ahead, ma'am!
[ELLALAURA]
Thank you so much.
Oh, this is absolutely
divine! I mean it!
And that pudding, too! You
should consider opening a shop!
No, I'm not that good.
Thank you, though.
Miss Yuna, may I have
a bit of your time?
I was hoping to spend
the day with Fina tomorrow.
Would that be all
right with you?
Huh? You wanna
spend the day with me?
Yes! There's no way I could ever
complete this
errand without you!
I would like for it to
be just the three of us:
you, me, and Misa.
That's okay with me
if it's all right with you.
I mean, I have no complaints
as long as you're fine with it.
But what is this errand?
Our little secret!
I can't wait to venture out
when it's just the three of us.
[YUNA]
Yeah, yeah, whatever.
Well, since Shia has
to go to the academy,
then I guess I'll
be on my own tomorrow.
[ELLALAURA]
I have an idea!
Why don't you come and
observe the castle, Yuna?
The castle?
Ahh! A giant, towering castle!
It really gives off
a whole fantasy‐like vibe!
Fantasy?
Are you sure it's no problem for
an outsider like me
to go in though?
Of course, as long
as you're with me.
Excuse me, Lady Ellalaura.
Who might this,
well, uh, this bear be?
[ELLALAURA]
This young lady is my guest.
I'd like to show her
around the castle.
Is that a problem, gentlemen?
[BOTH gasp]
No. Not at all, my lady!
We welcome your invited guest!
[YUNA]
You sure it's okay?
[ELLALAURA]
Of course.
[YUNA]
Uh‐huh...
Huh? A bear?
What is Lady Ellalaura
doing with a bear?
[YUNA] Man, my clothes
are kinda inappropriate
for a visit to a castle.
Though to be honest,
they're sort of
inappropriate everywhere.
Good work, soldier.
Yes. Thank you, my lady.
So, Miss Ellalaura, what exactly
do you do here in the castle?
[ELLALAURA] You mean my job?
Oh, I handle the odds and ends.
Odds and ends?
I give orders to the
commander of the knights,
take care of documents,
and I sometimes give
His Majesty advice.
You know, various things.
I'd really like to quit and go
live with Cliff, but I'm afraid
His Majesty and the prime
ministers just won't allow it.
[YUNA] Wow, it certainly sounds
like she holds a high position.
It's a bear!
Oh, hi. And who are you?
Hello, Lady Flora.
What are you doing here?
Everyone was talking
about our bear visitor,
so I just had to come find her!
May I ask what brings you to the
castle, Miss Bear?
[YUNA]
Lady Flora?
[ELLALAURA]
Miss Bear is my special guest
so I'm giving her
an unofficial tour.
Oh, really?
In that case, I wanna show
her around the castle, too!
Well, Yuna? You wouldn't
turn down an offer
from the princess, would you?
Uhh! This little
girl's a princess?
No, no, no! A royal
shouldn't have to
give tours to
a commonbear like me!
But, Miss Bear, don't you wanna
look around the castle with me?
[YUNA]
Uh! I can't run.
[YUNA] Sure, I would
absolutely love to,
so please don't
cry anymore, okay?
[FLORA sniffs]
Okay!
[FLORA] Miss Bear drew
a picture book! It's so cute!
[ELLALAURA] I didn't realize
that you were an artist, Yuna.
I wouldn't call myself an
artist, but I've dabbled in art.
[YUNA]
I used to draw manga as a hobby.
[FLORA]
Thank you so much, Miss Bear.
I'll treasure it forever!
Please, that would make
me very happy, Princess.
I'll tell you what;
I'll have it bound in
a proper book for you.
Yay!
[YUNA]
Come to think of it,
I wonder how Fina
and the girls are doing.
[FINA]
Wow, it's so crowded.
It's usually busy
but even more so lately.
'Cause everyone is preparing for
His Majesty's
birthday celebration.
Please, dearest Noa,
I would love to know what
you have planned for us today.
If I told you,
it'd ruin the surprise!
If all went well,
it should turn out wonderful!
Wonderful? [grunts]
[MAN 8A]
Oops! I'm so sorry.
No. I should
apologize to you, sir.
Goodness, are you all right?
Oh, yeah, I'm fine, I just
bumped into him a little bit.
I'm sorry about that! [chuckles]
[NOIR]
Mm...
Um, Lady Noir?
This way we won't get
separated. Misa, too.
Uh‐huh!
And please just call me Noa
instead of Noir from now on.
That's what all my friends and
family call me.
[FINA grunts]
I'd love to,
but I'm just a commoner
so I wouldn't dare!
Don't be silly. The three
of us are bear rivals.
No. We're more
like bear friends!
Wouldn't you agree?
"Bear friends"? I guess so.
Oh! Well then, in that case,
you can just call me Misa.
Okay. Thanks, Lady
Noir and Lady Misana.
[MISANA, NOIR]
What'd we tell you?
It's Noa!
And Misa!
So then, Lady Noa and Lady Misa?
Yes! Now please promise that
you'll call me that
from this day forward.
And the same thing goes
for me as well, Fina!
'Kay!
Welcome back, Lady Noir.
It's good to see you.
Have you finished
my order yet, ma'am?
I have. It's right here.
Please take a look.
Oh, these are
perfect! Thank you!
They're just as I requested.
Does that say,
"Miss Bear Fan Club"?
[NOIR] Correct!
These are membership cards!
Uh, I wasn't aware that we were
going to organize a fan club.
Here. As club president,
I'm member number one.
You're my vice president,
so you'll be number two.
And Misa here is number three.
Wait, I'm the vice president?
But shouldn't it be Lady Misa?
That wouldn't make
much sense because Misa
has only recently
met Miss Yuna and
you've known her
for quite a while now.
Yes. Not only have you
known her the longest,
you're also closest and
dearest to Yuna as well.
It's important to make
sure that all members
of the fan club share
any pertinent information.
Share information?
[NOIR] That's right! We are
united as bear friends!
We must share
what we see and hear,
not just about Miss Yuna,
but about Kumayuru
and Kumakyu as well!
It won't be long
until we're bear experts!
Wow, this is so exciting!
[NOIR]
Mm‐hm!
Uh, yeah, sure.
I think I understand.
[NOIR]
Now listen closely!
We mustn't tell Miss Yuna
about the fan club.
It's our secret, okay?
[MISANA]
Yes, of course!
[FINA] Lady Noa, why does
this membership card
have four zeros
before the number?
[NOIR]
Our goal is 10,000 members!
[gasps]
[grunting]
[YUNA groans]
[YUNA]
The princess was cute,
but being around royalty
made me feel really nervous.
[gasps]
Oh, hi, welcome home, Miss Yuna.
Uh... thank you.
Sword training?
That's right! I'm determined
to get even stronger,
so that I can compete with you.
[YUNA] And I have no
doubt that she will!
She's an honest
and hard‐working girl.
If you ever need
a sparring partner,
I'd be happy to volunteer.
[SHIA] I appreciate the
offer. I'll let you know.
Hah!
[NOIR]
Now then, let's get started.
Hey, guys, I'm back.
[NOIR]
I hereby commence our first
informational bear meeting.
So Miss Yuna is an
honorary chairman
and member number zero, correct?
Indeed!
Fina, do you have any good ideas
that are fitting as an article?
Um, let me see.
[YUNA]
What are you doing?
[GROUP gasps]
[FINA gasps] It's Yuna!
Oh, nothing much!
We were just chatting.
Nothing suspicious at all!
[GROUP chuckles]
[YUNA]
Hm?
[GHOULZAM chuckling]
[FINA] Yuna, may I ask what
you're shopping for today?
I'm looking for things that
would make good pizza toppings.
I heard that another
person was injured.
Yeah, in the northern forest.
You don't think those monsters
would venture into
the royal capital, do you?
I can't help but
wonder what those men
are talking about over there.
Who knows? From the
looks on their faces,
it doesn't seem like good news.
[MERCHANT 8A]
You're right, it's not.
You see, a merchant was
attacked in the northern forest.
It's scary. These incidents
have been on the rise lately.
[YUNA]
Now that I think about it,
we were attacked by monsters
on the way to the capital, too.
The northern forest.
Is something the
matter, Lady Noa?
Well, Father told me he would be
arriving in the
royal capital today.
He'll have to pass through
the northern forest to get here.
Now I'm getting
worried about him.
He's on his way?
I can go and pick him up
if you'd like me to.
[NOIR]
Are you sure?
I don't mind, really.
I know that you're
perfectly capable
of taking care of yourself,
but please be careful.
There's no need to
worry. I'll be fine!
[ELLALAURA]
Excuse me, Your Majesty.
Oh, Ellalaura. To what
do I owe the pleasure?
[ELLALAURA] Unfortunately,
another person has been attacked
by monsters in
the northern forest.
The number of incidents seems
to be climbing steadily,
Your Majesty.
I think we should inspect
the forest as soon as possible.
[KING]
Yes, I agree.
‐‐[clattering]
‐‐[SOLDIER 8B] You bastard!
[SOLDIER 8B]
Don't move!
[SOLDIER 8D]
Who are you? Stop!
[SOLDIERS groan]
[GHOULZAM] I have no
business with you fools.
[ELLALAURA grunts]
Greetings, Your Majesty.
It's been a while, hasn't it?
And just who might you be?
Have you forgotten me already?
My name's Ghoulzam, sire.
And once upon a time,
I was exiled from this kingdom.
No, Ghoulzam? What do you
think you're doing here?
[GHOULZAM]
You mean you don't know?
I would've thought news
of the vicious monster attacks
just outside the royal capital
would've reached you by now.
[KING]
It has. What of it?
I gathered those monsters
in order to create an army
so that I could
exact revenge on you.
All told, there are
approximately 10,000
of them under my control.
They're magically
bound to do my bidding.
[ELLALAURA, KING gasp]
Which means that with little
more than a snap of my fingers,
I can have them attack the
royal capital any time I choose.
How dare you, bastard?
[GHOULZAM cackles] Yes,
that's the face I wanted to see!
Anger! Weariness! And despair!
But it still
isn't enough for me!
There are so many
more tragic expressions
that will be splashed
across your face in due time.
[GHOULZAM chuckles]
[ELLALAURA]
Was that an illusion?
If so, it was created
with a high level of magic.
[KING groans]
[ELLALAURA] Your Majesty,
may I ask you who that was?
Ghoulzam, he was
a royal magician
who sacrificed criminals
for his research.
When we found out, he was
severely punished and exiled.
Please, Ellalaura,
contact the master of the
adventurer's guild at once.
I'm afraid we're gonna need
Sanya's help with this one.
Consider it done.
[YUNA humming]
Let's take a looksee.
Ugh, they're crawling
around all over the place.
Who knew there'd be this many?
[KUMAYURU whines]
[YUNA]
While it'd be easy enough for me
to get through the forest alone,
it'd be too dangerous
to travel through it
on the way back
because of Cliff.
Maybe I should consider
taking a detour instead.
Nah! Let's take 'em down!
I've now reached the
skies above the forest.
Thank you so much, Miss Sanya.
[SANYA]
My pleasure.
I'll try to estimate the
size of the monster army
and look out for
Ghoulzam. [gasps]
What's wrong?
[SANYA] There appears
to be something running
into the forest at
an incredible speed.
That so?
But what could it be?
A monster? No, that's not it.
It's a bear!
A bear on top of a bear!
Huh?
[roars]
[yells]
[KUMAKYU, KUMAYURU grunting]
The bear is easily defeating
the monsters one after another!
I don't get it. What
do you mean "a bear"?
How could that be possible?
[ELLALAURA]
A bear?
No way!
[gasps] This is bad.
[KING]
Oh, no, what now?
[SANYA] The bear is
totally surrounded by orcs.
And there are
wyverns flying above!
[KING]
Wyverns? They're powerful!
To think Ghoulzam
has control of them!
[YUNA grunts]
[ORC 8A groans]
The bear... It appears that
it has defeated all of the orcs
and wyverns that attacked it.
[KING] You're kidding! All on
its own? What's with this bear?
[ELLALAURA]
"Do not make her your enemy"
and "Don't anger her."
So this is what you
meant, Cliff. Now I see.
[KING]
Just to be sure I understand,
you're saying this bear
has seemingly wiped out
all the monsters
who attacked it?
I'm not sure of its reasoning,
but that certainly seems
to be the case. [gasps]
[KING]
What is it?
[SANYA] A man has appeared
among the monsters.
The royal crest is on his robe!
Huh? No, it's Ghoulzam!
[GHOULZAM]
Why, you little‐‐! Who are you?!
Just a bear passing
through the forest.
But now that you ask,
who are you?
That's not your business!
Do you really expect me
to believe you're a bear?
You're spouting nonsense!
The king sent you
here, didn't he?!
Huh?
[GHOULZAM] I've spent years
building my army of monsters
and you defeated
them in mere minutes!
I've been bested by
a girl in a bear costume!
Look, I don't know
what's going on,
but there's no need to
insult my outfit like that.
[GHOULZAM coughing]
[YUNA grunts]
Ew! That's not good!
From what I can tell,
the monsters are being
controlled by forbidden magic
which drains the
user's life force.
It seems as though this man
won't be around much longer.
I never would've
thought Ghoulzam
would sacrifice his own
life just to get revenge.
[panting]
[SANYA gasps] I've never
seen such a giant worm!
And it's under his control, too!
[KING grunts]
[SANYA] Now Ghoulzam and the
worm are attacking the bear!
[gasps]
[GHOULZAM]
Die!
[YUNA] Oh, great, another
one of those kinda enemies.
Behold my Bears of Fire! Go!
[FIRE BEARS]
Kuma! Kuma! Kuma!
[GIANT WORM 8A roars]
‐‐[GHOULZAM] Huh?
‐‐[YUNA] Let's go, Bear Punch!
[GHOULZAM groans]
Whew. I guess that's
the end of that.
Wait, uh...
Who the heck is this guy anyway?
[SANYA] It appears that Ghoulzam
and the worm have been defeated.
Huh? Are you kidding me?
The bear defeated
them that fast?
Your Majesty.
I think I have an idea
of who that bear might be.
[CLIFF gasps] Oh, my goodness,
what in the world happened here?
[YUNA]
Oh! Hiya, Cliff!
Huh?
Man, talk about perfect timing.
You know, I was just
coming to pick you up!
Yuna?
[EAGLE screeches]
So that's what happened today.
Okay, then. Yes, I suppose
that makes sense.
And thank you for
heading out to meet me.
It's likely my party
and I would've fallen victim
to these monsters
if it weren't for you.
But what do you think we
should do about this mess?
I have no idea
who this gentleman is.
But you defeated
so many monsters
it's bound to cause quite a stir
when word gets
back to the capital.
[YUNA] Uhh... I didn't
think about that.
I really don't wanna stand out.
So do me a solid?
Do a what?
You should turn the guy
in and not mention me!
Uh, just tell everyone
that you found him
lying on the side of the road
and you have no idea
how he got there.
And then I'll hide all
the monsters in my item bag!
As much as I would
love to help you out,
I can't give a false report.
But you still owe me, remember?
For the sword of
the goblin king.
Yes. I remember.
[YUNA sighs] I'm so happy
that nothing strange happened
during our journey through
the forest, aren't you?
Oh, yes, nothing strange at all.
[ELLALAURA]
I'm so glad you're back!
I had a feeling that
you'd come to welcome me,
my dear Ellalaura! Uh‐‐
[ELLALAURA] Yuna,
I need you to come with me!
Huh? Me? But why?
His Majesty would
like to see you.
[CLIFF, YUNA]
The king?
[ELLALAURA]
It really is Ghoulzam.
You did it. You saved
the royal capital, Yuna.
Huh? What?
Wait a minute, how did you know?
[YUNA] I don't wanna do this!
Can't it be our secret?
Just tell the king that a random
adventurer defeated Ghoulzam!
I wouldn't recommend lying
to His Majesty, the king.
On the other hand,
if you want to lie to Cliff,
I think that's
perfectly acceptable.
H‐Hey!
[SOLDIER 8F] Presenting Cliff
Foschurose, Lady Ellalaura,
and the adventurer, Miss Yuna.
You may now enter!
Sire, I've brought the bear,
otherwise known as
the adventurer, Yuna.
Oh, my. I don't see a bear.
I see a bear girl.
Did this child defeat Ghoulzam
and his army of monsters?
I dunno. To be
completely honest,
I think that it might've
been a different adventurer.
Wait, Your Majesty,
I can say with all
certainty that this girl
is the one who fought
Ghoulzam in the forest.
[KING]
Hm.
While today's feat
was impressive,
what's equally
impressive is that Yuna
also defeated the goblin king
and the black viper in Crimonia.
Isn't that right, Cliff?
Well, uh...
[YUNA]
Don't tell him.
[CLIFF]
Ellalaura's correct, sire.
I can confirm that
Yuna defeated Ghoulzam
and his army of monsters.
I saw it with my own eyes.
[YUNA]
What are you doing?!
I apologize, but I simply
cannot lie to His Majesty.
[YUNA groans]
You traitor...
I see.
You saved us today.
On behalf of the citizens,
all the soldiers,
and the adventurers who
live in the royal capital,
we give you thanks.
Uh! But why would
a king bow his head to me?
My most important duty is to act
as the representative of all
my people, and so, I thank you.
[YUNA] First there was
Cliff, and now this king.
The nobles of this world sure
are different than I imagined.
They're not stuffy at all;
they're so nice!
I shall make an announcement
about your feat of
bravery to the citizens,
and then we can discuss
a fitting reward for you.
An announcement?
No, please don't do that, and
I don't need a reward either!
Huh? Why's that?
I don't want anyone
fussing over me.
And, to be honest, I only
defeated those monsters because
they were interfering
with something else.
Really?
Yeah, my friend was worried
about her father's safety while
travelling through the forest.
So I had to defeat the monsters
on my way to pick him up.
[gasps] On the way?
Now wait one minute.
Let me make sure I've got
this straight, young lady.
You defeated an army
of monsters merely because
your friend was worried
about her father's safety?
In my humble opinion,
Your Majesty,
"merely" implies
that it wasn't important
and it most certainly was to me.
[ELLALAURA, CLIFF chuckle]
[KING]
Hmm.
[NOIR]
Father! Welcome home!
Yes! I made it, Noa.
You're back, too, Yuna!
Yep, everything
worked out just fine.
Good! I'm glad to hear it!
[YUNA]
The smiles of these children...
[YUNA] They're definitely a good
reason to keep up the fight.
[KUMAYURU]
Kuma!